Added two sections, covering RFCs #463 and #466 (#84)
ember-learn/ember-blog: source/2019-04-12-the-ember-times-issue-94.md

  
---

## [Record Data RFC: Record State 💬](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/463)

In [RFC #463](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/463), [@igorT](https://github.com/igorT) asks for **your help with improving the Record Data interface** in Ember Data.

> What is Record Data? [Introduced in Ember 3.5](https://blog.emberjs.com/2018/10/15/ember-3-5-released.html), Record Data was designed to ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
What is Record Data? [Introduced in Ember 3.5](https://blog.emberjs.com/2018/10/15/ember-3-5-released.html), Record Data was designed to...
```

- Help addons **extend Ember Data without relying on private APIs**
- Help apps **manage relationships, dirty attributes, rollbacks, and specialized models** via these addons

In the RFC, [@igorT](https://github.com/igorT) proposes that we add methods that return the `created` and `deleted` states of a record. These methods would be consumed by the addons to make correct decisions.

If you'd like to learn more, please take a look at [RFC #463](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/463). Please also leave your feedback! ✍️

---

## [Ember Data RFC: Request State Service 💬](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/466)

On a related note, [@igorT](https://github.com/igorT) proposes in [RFC #466](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/466) that we create a **Request State service**, which returns the `in-flight` and `completed` states of a request. The service would, not only simplify how we determine the state of a request, but also help us work with data from multiple sources.

> You can read more about the proposal in [RFC #466](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/466). As always, feedbacks are welcome! 🙂

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can read more about the proposal in [RFC #466](https://github.com/emberjs/rfcs/pull/466). As always, feedback is welcome! 🙂
```
